So enough about route parameters and nested routes Let's talk about redirecting the user.
Sometimes you want to redirect to user.
For example let's say that you also want to lead the user to slash posts.
If you visit just slash of course you can duplicate that route and also handle this slash case here.
In this case you could render a component posts.
Now if you save this and you reload the page you'll see that you load the post component.
Even if you go onto shust slash without slash posts and if you then click on a post the link still leads
to slash posts slash ID.
So now you're back to the old world.
This of course works and there's nothing wrong with it.
You can definitely have multiple routes with different paths which render the same content.
That's absolutely fine.
I'm still going to comment this out because I want to show you a different solution.
You can also use a special component provided by re-act router Dohm the redirect component.
The redirect component as it is a component is simply used in your GSX code there.
You can add it to your switch statement and then you specify a from properties so from which route you
want to navigate to which for example from Slash to slash posts and then it's a self-closing component.
If you use it outside of the switch statement from can't be specified then you can just always redirect
to switch slash posts and not respect the path you were navigating to.
I'll come back to conditional redirects outside of switch in the next lecture though.
So now we have that redirect statement in the switch statement and it's just like another route.
The only difference is it doesn't render content it simply just changes to you or Elea so that we don't
reach another route for which we render content.
If you save all of that and we now load our route your Allegan you'll see that you are changes to slash
posts because we are redirected.
This is how we can redirect to ensure that the user is removed or is well navigated to the route you
want to have him on.
That's redirection.
However I just mentioned that there also is some conditional redirection we can use.
Let me show you what I mean with that in the next lecture.